forgotten you work here i know, i know, you'd almost forgotten i work here... but i swear i was up all night toying with ideas for the fashion show... ...and i've really hit on something. you see... what? i took four bottles of vodka on friday, it was my birthday, you know that i was having a party and i was running late, so i borrowed some i bought some more to replace it not a lot of use to me when i had nothing to offer the executives who dropped by late friday off the top of my head, you could have told them you'd run out it's, it's popular stuff bullshit, bullshit... we're in pr. that's what we do, isn't it? but you didn't do that, did you, paul? no so i'm out... am i? well, this is just perfect congratulations. you've wanted me out for ages, now you've done it. very well done for theft. pretty foolproof okay, i'll go... i'll go i was getting a bit choked up with all the testosterone flying about the place best i get out before i start growing a penis oh! told you... lesbian i really didn't think it'd be so easy to crack, did you? no oops thank you district line information. due to a derailment at victoria... ...district line trains are subject to extensive delay we suggest you find alternative means of transport are you all right, love? oh, it's a bit of a nasty cut might need a couple of stitches... come on oh-oh... ah, beatles' lyrics, eh? what? 'elastic thrombosis'. they're guilty of lyric poaching they're beatles' lyrics, aren't they? i don't know, sorry of course you do. come on, everyone is born knowing all the beatles' lyrics instinctively they're passed into the foetus subconsciously along with all the amniotic stuff in fact, they should be called 'the foetles' not a fan, clearly it's funny the way nobody talks on the tubes, isn't it? i mean, i rarely catch the tube myself but, er... or lifts confined spaces, everybody shuts down. why is that? perhaps we think everyone else in the tube or the lift is a potential psychopath or a drunk... ...so we close down and pretend to... read a book or something you've got a terrible tea stain on your book look, i don't think you're a psychopath. i just want to read my book i, i understand. i apologise i'm in a little bit of a good mood today as a matter of fact so i'll just ...sorry have we met before? no, no, honestly, honestly, i'm, you... you seem familiar i don't think so yes... yes, you were in the lift just now you dropped your earring, i picked it up oh yes, you did... thank you pleasure do you work there? i did do but i've just been fired. okay? oh no, that's... that's horrible, i'm sorry it's okay, you didn't do it i thank you for your concern and glad you're in a good mood, et cetera i thank you for picking up my earring but... i just want to read my book well, i get off at this stop. i'm only telling you in case you get off at this stop, too... ...and you get up before me and then i get up and you think i'm following you which i'm not i mean, i wouldn't. i mean... ...you know i really didn't mean any offence. please forgive me i'm really not a nutcase... i apologise excuse me. um, i'm sorry i, i'm sure you're not a nutcase or a psycho or anything, it's just that, um ...i'm not, i'm not that good at, um... you know, um... constructing sentences? anyway... i'm james helen i never figured out why we didn't make it, gerry you went back to america, remember? i couldn't afford the bus fares i came back though turn my back for three lousy years and you callously ditch me for another woman mmm, i know, i suppose i'm just naturally impetuous i live with someone. a man. i live with a man really? mmm! i have people consider soul mates who don't confide in me this much and what would he say if he knew you were walking up from the tube in broad daylight ...with a complete stranger? mmm, big deal well, it was nice to meet you, helen... sorry about your job, really i suppose being a gemini can have its down sides hey, remember what the monty python boys say? what..."always look on the bright side of life"? no..."nobody expects the spanish inquisition" what? i didn't think you liked elton john i, i do, i do sometimes you really shouldn't just stop like that. set a woman back three days doing a thing like that who is she? she's lydia well, i've had a dreadful day i got sacked. and so did you it would seem cup of tea? that'd be nice you bastard! you bastard! you useless shagging bastard! i come home and catch you up to your nuts in lady shagging godiva i am working all hours to support you while you are supposedly writing your first novel how long? huh? do you love her? no, don't tell me, i'm not interested i'm only asking because i need to know exactly how big a mug i am look, er... iook... hello? helen? is that you? no, it's your bit of stuff. wednesday... shag day, remember? have you just got up, you lazy git? er, no. er... well i, er... ...i didn't sleep that well last night and then, er... you know when you left i kind of... i went into a really, er... ...a really, really deep, deep, er, deep, deep sleep and, er... i think i might be, er, coming, coming down with, er... anyway, er ...what are you doing home at this time of... oh my god, what happened to you? well, it depends. which story do you want first? what? well... i got mugged. and... what are you doing? i can't stand elton john. you know that well, anyway... listen, tell me... ...what happened? what happened to your head? well, i got mugged and sacked only not in that order although it wasn't an actual mugging, it was only an attempted mugging according to the policeman... ...because they didn't... whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... wait a sec, wait a sec. come here... come here now sit down. just sit here. okay? now... now you're in shock, darling, okay. you've had a bit of a little bit of a shock. okay? now just relax um... do you want a brandy? it's four in the afternoon of course it is... sorry gerry! are you okay? me? i'm fine... um, i'm fine. i'm just... no, anyway, anyway tell, tell, tell me what happened and i just couldn't help thinking... if i had just caught that bloody train it would never have happened i'd have been home ages ago oh, well, you don't want to go wondering about things like that you know, um,'if only this', and 'what if that'. i mean... it's done now come on follow splash i'm going to take you out... and get you alarmingly out of your head on grolsch and then... dry thank you um, and then follow, follow, follow, follow, follow... and then when you've sung all your favourite barbra streisand songs at the top of your voice... and got us slung out of the pub... ah, here we are. yeah, put this on i'm going to let you have intimate carnal knowledge of a lamb passanda ...which i know your diet does not allow, with a... ...double tarka dahl which you can then, er... ...puke up all over the, er... pristine doorstep of herr and frau goebbels next door and... i'll help you oh, i love you, gerry gerry! she's not here! anna, you're helen's best friend. i mean, where else would she be? come in and search the place if you want. she's not here, gerry what is it you've done anyway? it can't be that nice if she's walked out on you okay, look, i, i'm sorry. look, if she comes here... ...just let me know or, or get her to ring me or, or something that's all i ask like you say, gerry, i'm helen's best friend if she comes here i'll do what she asks well, she's got a point... you can't stand elton john russell, forget about elton john. that's not the issue. what do i do? gerry... you've been telling me for weeks you couldn't hack it juggling between helen and lydia... ...and you wish you hadn't got involved with her again i know and you didn't think you were cut out for infidelity i know but you couldn't end it with lydia, 'cause you weren't sure how she'd take it and i told you that something if you remember my words, something 'ungoverned by you' would happen... ...to bring the situation to a head and... something has it's not funny actually, russell no, i'm sorry, old man... i beg to differ it is funny. it's very, very, very funny and look at you, it's not as though you're rushing frantically about the place trying to find her i went to anna's. she wasn't there oh, you went to anna's. boy, you're a one man sas crack unit you want my opinion? will i like it? well, of course not... it'll be based on reality no, no, no. you don't advertise a new restaurant. it's very uncool it's word of mouth... people talk and how do these people who talk know where you are so that they can talk about you? hey, listen, it's your restaurant, clive. i just want it to work helen hello, james. rather annoying chatty bloke on the tube oh yes, hi you look all stressed up with nowhere to go it's only a job, you'll get another one no, it's something else, isn't it? you know sometimes it helps to just say whatever it is out loud of course it also helps if people just mind their own business and leave you alone. i'm sorry when i left you at the tube earlier, i went home and found my boyfriend... ...in bed with another woman. shit! oh, i'm sorry. it's... i mean, what an idiot it's okay, you weren't to know no, not me, your boyfriend. he's an idiot sorry, it's not my place it's okay well, look, if it makes you feel any better, you see that bloke over there? not only does he own a personalised matching set of crocodile skin luggage... ...but his favourite tv programme is'baywatch' so you see there's always someone sadder than you do you love him? no, i could never love a 'baywatch' fan hey, you did a joke in the midst of your turbulent emotional state that's very positive listen, you decide you want company we're over here... okay? i'm really sorry, helen two of your most disgustingly large grolsches, please... ...and a large jack daniels with ice, and i'll have the same you're behind. can we have another? fifteen? gerry came looking for you is it what i think? depends is what you think that i walked in on him shagging 'lydia' in my bed and i walked out? pretty much then, yes oh, hold up... hold up this morning was sensational oh, i can't... sorry, i can't hear you i can't hear you gerry, can you hear me? didn't know it was on ready, steady, go! i'll see you, clive who's that? my friend come on, you... let's get you home. you drunken eejit and again come along can i give you a lift anywhere? er... yeah. that, that'll be great, thank you oh, hands up if you drank too much, eh? hey... i'm not as drunk as thinkle peep i am put a wick in her mouth and she'd burn for a fortnight um, 9 menlove avenue. thanks a lot french bean, some chicken, some rice... ...one more little indian no. oh, come on. really, i'll be sick well, we're on schedule for that but we've gotta move location... ...so just don't swallow for ten minutes he didn't fancy me he, he offered us a lift. he was just being concerned uh-huh... well let me tell you, if he was being that concerned about me ...i wouldn't be helping you into bed right now am lin bed? yes... you're staying with me for a while don't worry... you'll be fine just fine there we go. there we go are you some peculiar, thus far undefined breed of dickhead? you have two head problems one: that was close... very close put in layman's terms... she nearly caught you and two... and this is far more worrying than the first one you're talking to yourself in the mirror again really bad sign no, bigger sip... big, bigger sip. bigger sip... don't throw up all over me there are no pr jobs i'm going to need some part-time work, gerry what you need is a change of image er, you know that goes back like and then like i don't know sort of comes like slant no, no... that's for you, sir hey, gorgeous. what do you do when you're not serving up 'mad cow' burgers in here, eh? well now then, let me see i get up about seven thirty a. m... ...make and deliver sandwiches in the west end during the day... ...before i come here about six o' clock and finish at midnight after that, if i've got any energy left, i give my boyfriend a blow job would you like some mayonnaise with that? you don't mean that i do... really so... you were together two and a half years, and... ...you've been sitting here like suicide on a stick for a week nine days, anna but bollocks to him? yes. i mean why hasn't he even called to see if i'm okay to admit that he's a twat? "hello, helen, it's gerry i'm a twat. please come home, i love you. " all that shit oh, i don't care anyway bollocks to him. i'm over him oh... you're over him yes. totally and utterly and completely over him no, you're not i am you're not anna, i'm over him. what do you mean i'm not? how do you know i'm not? well, two things really one: you're still counting how long you've been apart in days... ...and probably hours and minutes but... the big flashing red light way of telling you're not really over someone ...is when you're still reading their horoscope... in the hope that they're going to get wiped out in some freak napalming incident smart arse what is he? a wanker oh, aries aries. aries well... just shows how much i know with mars your ruler in the ascendancy... you will get wiped out in a freak napalming incident ...and helen says bollocks to you this guy's very good you go. no, i will. no, you i'm not in, i'm out. you don't know where or who with specially who with quickly, go on i am not answering the door like this anna, please, you have to. it won't be him anyway so there's no big deal, is there? bollocks to him bollocks to him. bollocks to him. bollocks to him. bollocks to him. bollocks to him bollocks to him come on. you don't drink your fatty drinks, you'll never really achieve quality cellulite haircut suits you by the way. no, it does. it does, no gag never make a joke about women's hair, clothes or menstrual cycles, page one look, james, maybe i shouldn't be here i'm sorry, i'm not being fair you know, under normal... circumstances, et cetera... you're really nice... and funny my friend anna thinks you're cute wait, hold, hold your friend anna thinks i'm cute? your friend anna thinks i'm cute?! shit, i just blew, wait... two eighty-five, two eighty-five on the wrong girl helen, listen... sometimes we are plonked into people's lives when they just need to be cheered up and reassured ...and it turns out that for some reason it's your job we don't know why. in your case it's my job but i'll be honest... the fact that i find you... moderately attractive just makes the job easier on my part my intentions are completely honourable i have no desire to overstep the mark, seriously d'you prefer diamonds or sapphires? sorry, nothing 'moderately attractive'? uh-huh, i knew you were listening well, you know, lose the sad eyes, the droopy mouth, i could get you an upgrade so... having firml y established the ground rules... ...what are you doing two weeks on saturday? probably killing myself excellent. what time does that finish? do you like boats? d'you know we haven't done that for two months don't be daft two months... almost to the day almost to the day? listen to you what are we, a survey? gerry... ...how did one of my waterford crystal brandy glasses get into the laundry basket? to the where? the laundry basket i don't know. can i answer questions on 70s pop music? last week, when i got the sack and i came back, am i going mad? but there was a bottle of brandy and two glasses on the dressing table, wasn't there? i don't know. i mean, i couldn't really say well, there were, i'm sure oh, hang on, no, wait a minute. no, i, no, i could say there was a bottle and one glass because if you... no, i'm certain there were two glasses, gerry helen, i'm... not sure i like where this conversation is going i, i told you, i couldn't sleep so i got up in the night... to get a drink to knock myself out it was still there in the afternoon when you got home i mean you had also, that day if, if you remember had taken a blow to the, the, the, the head we'd just had a party maybe one of y our mad friends like anna threw it there i mean, jesus let's, let's spoil the moment properly, shall we? what are you trying to say? am i shagging a brandy drinker? yes gerry, ease up, will you, for christ's sake. i'm only asking oh, no, women never ask. no, they don't ask, they insinuate and you are insinuating, not very subtly, may i add, that i am... thanks no, no, no. no, no, no, no, thank you, thanks i mean... i mean thank you... thank you i mean this, you know, this, this is the... this is the right time, isn't it, to address our, our relationship, isn't it? i mean, it's, it's, it's perfect. perfect moment gerry, for god's sakes, i asked a simple question there's no need to become woody allen thanks, james. i'm sorry if you had a lousy time are you kidding? in my book getting to drink two chocolate milkshakes in the one sitting represents social splendour it's one of the perks of being shallow take care, helen. you'll be fine thank you very much it's amazing how you can actually learn to despise inanimate objects... ...like tin openers that don't open tins... ...egg mayonnaise and skipjack tuna are you going out? yeah. i was just writing you a note i'm off to the library. i have some stuff to read up on okay yeah, well... i won't be more than a couple of hours would you rather i didn't go? oh no, no, of course not. go okay, bye lydia, what are you talking about? she followed me i said i was going to the library... ...so i've come to the library, for god's sake! of course i can't come now, i mean what if she's still lurking or waiting round the corner or something? lydia, i don't know why she followed me. i'm not a sleuth! i have taken two hours off work, gerry... oh, look, look, please. no, okay, please don't get hysterical don't get hysterical. look, i'm sorry. okay, i'm sorry i've booked a hotel in dorset. are we still going? do you wanna cancel it? i mean, is, is she gonna follow us there? do you wanna end this gerry because i am... yes, i, i, i mean no. i, i mean, no, i, i don't want of course we're still going. i don't... don't, don't... don't, don't, don't, don't what? i don't know look... we're going to dorset, okay. we're going to have a great time... and, er ...i'll talk to you tomorrow right, that's the lot. you don't live there anymore thanks for going again, anna any evidence of 'her'? nothing that stood out hello? hi, it's james. is helen there? helen it's james hello? yes, 'tonight' tonight, you know the tonight that comes immediately after today he wants to go out tonight go please come, it'll be a laugh um... okay see you okay? she doesn't wanna leave here i know she's really frail, james. do you want me to postpone my trip? there's another course later in the year it's only a couple of weeks. you should go are you sure? it's not that important it is important. i want you to go okay it's going to be hard to leave this place, james, but... but you've still got the london flat you'll be nearer the hospital and you can get much better crack in twon hey, you know what the monty python boys say... "nobody expects the spanish inquisition", i know exactly ...sorry, let me just... ...lydia's becoming more and more demanding... and you, you feel bad because helen's working night and day to keep the money coming in but you've asked helen to come on a research trip to dorset with you... knowing that she wouldn't be able to... to cover up the fact... that you're really taking lydia and, and despite the fact that... lydia gave you an 'out' on the phone, which you didn't take... ...you are having a moral dilemma gerry... you are a morality free zone if i had no morals, would i be discussing it? whose idea was this trip... yours or lydia's? you wanna get out of this lydia thing i foresee problems and i wouldn't mind betting you're talking to yourself in the mirror again very bad sign you've no compassion... none why do i bother confiding in you? i'm your mate. i'm here to help you i'm here to help you nobody expects the spanish inquisition! our chief weapon is surprise surprise and fear. fear and surprise our two, two chief weapons are surprise and fear and a ruthless efficiency. our three... ...three main weapons are fear, surprise and a ruthless efficiency i'll come in again here we go pass me your plate how do you do, nigel? very nice to meet you you all right? i am deadly serious oh, just set up my own pr company? yeah, well, why not? you've got the experience... the know-how, the contacts you want to spend the rest of your life working for other people? hey, what's the worst that could possibly happen? um, i could fail miserably and look like a complete tosser exactly, so what is there to worry about? i had a really nice time, james did you? oh, shit. sorry, that's against the rules, isn't it? yes, it is, so just bear that in mind in the future, would you? i'm getting over a major break-up yeah, sorry... won't happen again goodnight, helen hey... you know everything happens for the best you'll never know if you don't try wear something warm on saturday... can get cold on the river take care so, what other ideas has james run by you? anna, don't do that. don't do 'desperate mother' acting with me he's a friend. okay? a friend not remotely in him no so how come last night was the first night since you've been here... you didn't ask if anyone had called the second you walked in the door? you're sorry? you're sorry that four of the staff here have been cut down... with food poisoning after eating your sandwiches? and before you speak, yes... ...they all had the same sandwiches and the same symptoms at the same time are you trained in the catering trade, may i ask? no, actually i worked in pr but i... well, you're not doing a particularly good pr job this morning, are you? luckily for you i've convinced my colleagues not to take the matter any further this time now, if you'll excuse me, i have five people's work to do sorry? helen has been delivering sandwiches to your office? yes... and today i had reason to summon her well i made up a reason, to be brutally honest she's quite pretty in a british horsey sort of way, isn't she? lydia... what are you playing at? have you gone raving mad? she's not bloody stupid, you know i wanted to see what the woman you ditched me for is like now, now, now, now wait a sec. now i did not ditch you for... i mean, you went back to america for... i wanted to see what this girl you seem to have no intention of leaving... despite the occasional pre-orgasmic suggestion that you are... ...has that is so unleavable and i have to say that i ended our brief meeting at a bit of a loss now, lydia, don't talk like this. now it sounds ugly now i've told you before, i cannot leave helen for... for... you know for me? is that what you're trying say? you can't leave her for me? well, you haven't said you wanted that, have you? gerry, i'm a woman we don't say what we want. but we reserve the right to be pissed off if we don't get it that's what makes us so fascinating and not a little bit scary hello? ah, gerald flannigan, at last this is your kindly uncle russell here listen... ...wherever you were tonight as if we need to ask, you weren't with me helen called here looking for you okay yeah, all right okay, thanks, mate. bye oh, thank god, i was so worried. where have you been? i went to anna's. i needed to see a friendly face i've had a horrible day i met cruella de ville's less nice sister this morning... ...she completely deflated me i know how do you know? oh, no, i mean i can tell. jesus, you look terrible where were you earlier? i really needed to talk to you oh, i had some stuff to read up on so i went to the library god, you're always at the library i'm sich of waiting on tables i know when you finish the book we'll be millionaires but... ...when are you going to finish it? i'm going to finish it very soon, helen very soon helen, there's something i want to tell you i need to tell you er... it's a little bit to do with the... brandy glass and, er... ...a little bit to do with that woman... you met today only... please let me finish before you say anything okay? helen? bollocks come on, james! come on, come on! come on, come on! that's really weird i knew there'd be a boat race going by with purple and white shirts sorry? why hasn't he asked you to go with him to dorset? he has... i've got to work anyway it'll be good for him to get away. we need a bit of space anna, can i ask you a daft question? did you drop a glass in the laundry basket at our party? sounds like a ridiculous thing to do. it was almost certainly me are you okay? just going quietly mad thank god for that. i was worried faster and to my left... and to my right... and with my left... and with my right... and with the 'head'... father abraham 'head' had seven sons, head', 'head' seven sons had father abraham 'head' are you sure it's just writer's block? i mean, you seem so distant i'm here, gerry, if you need to talk to me about anything hey, that's helen in there look, she's got blonde hair there's loads of them... having some kind of sponsored epileptic fit lydia maybe it isn't writer's block at all, gerry maybe it's helen block i don't want to hear about helen. i don't care about helen the trouble is... you do quite clearly i just thought of a great finish for your book! the end! yes, you are, clive he's opening his first restaurant in six days... ...and he's completely disorganised well, you know at my old company we had 'wars ' getting pierre claude's restaurant open you did pierre claude? mmm er, he's my hero. you did his launch? well i heard that was a really classy do. people went on about it i mean, six days is... ...could i come down and take a look? i can't promise anything stupendous sure, yeah. yeah, no problem... you're kidding? yeah, come down pierre claude? oh, wow! you're very thoughtful, james. you give out an incredible amount oh, you're the same. you encouraged me today i saw you jumping up and down like a mad thing spurred me on i love this bridge. my great grandfather helped to build it i often come and... stand on it when i want to, um... build a bridge? i'm sorry oh god, james, don't oh... i'm sorry. i, i... ...i know this is an ideal sort of kissing moment... ...you know, night, moon, boat, water lapping... ...you know, it's, um... i t's perfect and i'm... ...i'm not feeling that it would be nice... ...but i don't really know anything about you and i'm... ...i'm still on the rebound oh god, i hate that word but i am ah, who isn't? everyone is i'm on the rebound myself... in a way... so, who are you on the rebound from? a girl called pamela my whole life pivots around. pam and i breaking up when was that? 1973, we were eight i bloody loved that woman no warning, just up gone... left me for somebody else who? gary glitter! the cow gary glitter, for crying out loud! i mean all my friends were being left for donny osmond or david cassidy or... i could have come to terms with that, given time but gary. oh she wanted to 'touch him there, yeah' you know? well, i went to pieces as you can imagine and there was no 'junior prozac' to see me through so... so i, er, i, um... i kissed you yeah, yeah, i spotted that too you weren't gonna do that um, hmm... would you mind, um... just putting that down to a momentary lapse of, um, concentration? is that what it was? no y-yes, i don't... oh, help i, i don't want to be a confusion in your life, helen. i don't truly but something's happened to me since i've met you and... ...that i wasn't expecting and... and i don't really... ...well, well wasn't expecting repetition of expecting. must buy a thesaurus anyway, i... you did remember to take a full page ad in 'adulterer's weekly'? jesus! lydia, get in the car, will you? how many years have you been going to paint that stain off? he didn't even pay the bill? of course not. what do you think? um i'm, i'm just... would you excuse me, please? i've just remembered i, i'm... what do you mean you want to see me? jesus christ, gerry, what... how did you get in? one of the waiters is, is a, a friend of russell's he got me a ticket. it's a great do, helen i, i hear your company's really taken off... gerry, you can't just turn up like this this is a really important nights for me yes, i can, helen i can 'just turn up'. it, it's the most important 'just turn up' i've ever done oh god. we, we can't talk in here we've been through too much just to drop this. haven't we? surely helen... ...please, look at me i'm sorry really sorry you're too good not to fight for. the last... oh god, gerry, don't talk about fight. i... good looking bloke are you seeing him? er... i, i'm sorry, it's not my place to ask is that him? guess so does she know about claudia? no i really like her, clive i'm confused. i feel a bit lost suddenly gerry, i really have to go back inside will you come and see me, helen? please, helen, there's so much more i want to say. i miss you will you come and see me? please, helen i'll go. thanks for listening. i... ...i'm really proud of you are you okay? yes. just a bit dizzy too much champagne oh, sorry bye now hey... it's official... i love you thank you. you're... you're a genius. i'm ecstatic have you, er, have you seen james? yeah. yeah, he had to go... early start. he apologised business trip... newcastle or something. i didn't want to pry his secretary wasn't very forthcoming d'you believe he's away? don't know or do you think he's just avoiding you? i don't know did you leave a message? no d'you think maybe you should have? did he actually see gerry kiss you? i don't know d'you think he might be hoping you've called and not known that you have? i mean... did you not check if he has a mobile? anna! ease up, will you? bloody hell! they have less questions than this on 'jeopardy' i was nervous. i wanted to get off the phone. i felt awkward well, it's such a piddly little thing. it's hardly worth him getting up tight about oh, gerry called by the way terrific. that's just... two months ago i want gerry to come round, james comes round now i want james to call, gerry calls it was the weirdest dream. you were there and you had a funny mask over your face... ...and you had something that you needed to tell me but you couldn't say it well that does it, i'm afraid. i'm, er, taking away your class one drugs for a week anyway... um... there's something else i wanted to tell you i fainted at work the other night oh, sweetheart. are you okay? yes, but i don't normally faint so i, um... what was that? i don't know. the people next door are plainly engaged in some bizarre sexual ritual i may pop in later and introduce myself what were you saying? anyway... ...i don't normally faint so i was a little curious... oh shit... ...i stubbed my foot on the side of the shagging bath god, sounds horrific i know ssshhh! anyway... listen, there, there's the landlady. she keeps coming up with these, er... corned beef sandwiches look i, i'll phone you back when, er, world war twelve has stopped for tea. okay okay, bye so i did a test and it turns out that i'm pregnant i just though you might like to know have you gone completely insane? what are you trying to do? what do you mean 'what am i trying to do'? i think i've broke my toe lydia, i'm on the pissing phone to helen, for goodness sake in case you've forgotten, she doesn't know you're here she thinks i'm on a research trip... along. remember? i remeber don't worry, i remeber. it's pretty hard to forget so what are you trying to do? huh?! coming in here... screeching the place down when i'm on the phone don't you know, gerry? don't you know what i am trying to do?! i am trying to be your girlfriend, gerry i am trying to win you back! it's fairly simple. i am standing on the platform at limbo central... ...with my heart and soul packed in my suitcase... ...waiting for the gerry fucking express to roll in... ...and tell me that my ticket is still valid, that i may reboard the train only the station announcer keeps coming on and telling me that my train has been delayed ...as the driver has suffered a major panic attack in indecision city! "we suggest you take the bus!" that's what i am trying to do, you cripple! except it's quite clear... ...that that is never going to happen is it? no reply perfect so i... i'm not waiting any more, gerry i am cashing my ticket in. i am taking that bus oh god... i tell all my friends "never go back" look at me, i must be crazy don't phone me for a while ow! oh! no... don't phone me at all! ever! it's over! again! i've done it, russell. i've bloody done it! excellent. congratulations. done what? i've finished it oh, the book... oh well, great, mate, that's great not the book, not the book, russell i'm a novelist, i'm never gonna finish the book... the affair! the affair! the sordid affair with lydia i've blown her out... in dorset i was decisive but fair i've just got back oh god, i feel like i've got out of jail no more deceit, no more i ying to helen. it was such a mistake "never go back", russell. but it's over god, i can't tell you it's such a good feeling well, i'm, i'm very pleased. how does she feel about it, lydia? well, you know, she's not jumping through hoops obviously, i mean... ...but, but it's the best thing by far. by far and away the best thing i mean she, she knows that. i mean, she will do when she... well, she was upsel i mean bit farught, you know... obviously oh god, oh god, oh god, i feel good i've got to go home. i wanna be home before helen comes back from work er, no because you never buy me flowers when you're meant to... ...let alone when you're not meant to so, yes, i'm a little suspicious i want to know what else you've been doing that you're not meant to wait, hang on let me get this straight 'cause this is just about brilliant i buy you flowers on a whim in a... in a, in a fit of, of, of, um, of romance but... see... you couldn't even think of the word but instead of being, of being grateful, instead of being 'romanced'... ...you're instantly convinced that i'm ensconced in some decrepit tacky, underhand clandestine affair! in a nutshell gerry? are you back? i missed you so i came home early to see you god what are they? well they're flowers for you. um... ...d'you not like them? that image of her sitting on top of you, oh god, i... ...i, i really don't know why i agreed to come please stop, gerry, don't, i, i don't want you to touch me i'm, i'm sorry. um, um, don't go please try and... put her out of your mind she's, she's out of mine it's finished... over i made a mistake. such a big... big mistake and i'm sorry i'm truly, truly sorry i mean this new bloke, this james hammerton that you're seeing... ...does he not make mistakes? how do y ouknow his name? a mate of russell's works at the restaurant they're... mutual friends. i... i mean, it's not especially important well i don't want to talk about james hammerton or anyone else. i have to go oh, by the, by the way i've, er... ...i've stopped writing the book helen... the truth is i can't write without you i can't do anything without you i want you to come back to me, helen we were so good together remeber, remember how good we are together? sorry... just wait yeah? i'm late, gerry... four days. i'm never late oh, russell. er, look, hi er, look, mate. look, er, can i ring you back in a few minutes, yeah? yeah... yeah, okay. okay. thanks, mate, cheers. bye it's, er... russell i'm, i'm dying for the loo telephone number 01714443184 to return the call press three why are you pretending i'm russell? you know i hate that what's going on? gerry, answer me. who's there? it's helen actually. we met once i interrupted you faking your orgasm sorry i can't be more specific you know what i was thinking? you're not going, are you? you wanker. you sad, sad wonker god, i feel like such a mug! the useless, no good... ...shagging, horrible, despicable, i ying... ...two-faced pissing, shagging... you said shagging you know the worst bit? all i could think about was james i felt like i was being unfaithful to james just by being there that sounds like the best bit. and you were he didn't call, did he? that's nearly a week i think i've blown it. i've blown it, haven't i? i blame british telecom. all this new technology this number if you want to know who called... ...another one if you don't want them to know you called... ...itemised bills, take away the first number you thought of i mean they are single-handedly condemning the average red-blooded englishman... ...to a life of terminal monogamy what are they after? the nobel peace prize? and lydia might be pregnant oh no more, please... i can't take it oh this is terrific stuff i must say, being with you makes the wait for the next episode of 'seinfeld' much easier to bear i didn't reckon on things turning out this way everything's a cock up. what's going on? well... to use boxing parlance, if i may... it's quite simple you've just lost are you sure? you've been a bit... ...i don't know, a bit distant since i've got back i know well, okay... there are a couple of things. which one do you want to hear first? i don't mind well the 'small'thing is that i've got an interview for a job a pr job, a proper one international company opening up in london chairwoman herself called, said she had heard a lot about me and... she's invited me to her apartment tomorrow evening for a serious chat jesus christ! what? jesus christ, i mean that's... that's not a small thing, that's... that's huge i mean it's... i mean it's... it's brilliant. i mean that's the best is the blind buggered again? no. er... no well, i... are you all right? yeah, no, i'm fine, darling. my sweetheart, that's great, it's tremendous i'm thrilled. i'm so thrill... hello? i really need to talk to you hi, russ. how are you? come by my apartment tomorrow night at eight. it's important ah, really, mate. no, what a drag oh no, yeah. okay, yeah, sure. sure, sure, yeah yeah, yeah, i'll help you yeah, yeah, cheers, mate. cheers. bye it's russell's family is descending unannounced yeah, he wants me to, er, go round tomorrow evening and, er... help him clear out, er, his spare room er, right. okay. so... sorry, what was the other thing you wanted to tell me? doesn't matter. it's not important hammerton enterprises rachael, i'm going out to the shops can i get you anything? no thanks are you okay? yes yes. yes, i'm fine i just... you know, i go to the shops, just i'll be, um... sorry hello! hi. hi hi how... how are you? i'm... i'm great er, how are you? sorry, you're great business lunch? yeah, just a chat, you know well my office is just round the corner i know. um... i, i, i thought you were away on business yeah, i was. i just, i, um, got back last night as a matter of, er helen, look, please don't think that i, that i... ah... it's okay, i... i haven't thought i mean i, i, i didn't think that or not no, i mean... don't think that i have not called you i haven't 'not' called you i mean, i don't... i don't mean i haven't 'not' called you because that's a double negative... ...so as to say that i 'have' called you when did you call? er, well i, i didn't but i... i didn't 'not' call you in the way that you might think i didn't call you oh dear i wanted to call you i even did that dial all but the last number thing and then not, er... it's... ridiculous behaviour totally you see, i... i thought you still had to deal with, with your other, er... gerry?! well i don't know, is that... yeah, if... and i thought it was best if i allowed youto... gerry is why you haven't called me? well, after clive's party i didn't want to just presume that you'd, that we had you think i just go to bed with all successful oarsmen that i come across? sorry, nervous humour well i hoped not sorry, excuse me hello? oh, i see. i'll, um... ...i'll come straight away. okay, thanks my... mum had to go into hospital she's had some tests done. the results are through. i should, er, go do you want me to come with you? yeah, that's really nice of you er... well maybe, um... i don't... she's quite frail and i, and i don't know how she's gonna... it's okay but, um... thanks i'm, er, well some friends are having dinner at clive's tonight... ...if you're, if you're not doing anything, you want to come along well some other time i'd love to if that's okay yeah, yeah. of course, crikey, it's, it's, it's very, very okay, yeah but well, at the risk of sounding old-fashioned, i'll pick you up at eight is that a 'will' pick me up, or a 'haven't, not, didn't, might'? listen... don't worry about your mum. she'll be okay remember monty python well i'll see you later bye how are you? yeah, just... you know... is gerry excited about being a daddy? i haven't told him yet never seems to be the right moment somehow come on... let's celebrate with a proper drink bloody marvellous idea i really shouldn't in my condition but i'm really going to what have you got? um... brandy oh, no, yuk. makes me vomit half day? james?! since last night? sorry you can't tell from one they can be inaccurate i bought three packets two in a packet, that's six you can tell from six what are you gonna do? is james hammerton in? i'm afraid not um, do you know when he's due back? i'm not sure. he's gone to visit his mother in hospital with his wife would you like to leave a message? what? can i take a name and number? get him to call you um... no, thank you there's something i want you to know anna doesn't drink brandy, gerry, it makes her vomit and those glasses were not used at the party they only come out for special dinners, you know that am i meant to immediately get the reference here? are you having an affair? just tell me yes or no no, i'm not helen, look into my eyes i am not having an affair i'm not well, i shouldn't have brought this up now, i've got to go to my interview we'll talk later are you going to be here when i get back? yes. of course helen... listen good luck, okay hello hi, anna, is helen there? you've got a damned nerve phoning here what? anna, please, just open the door. i don't know what's going on you dono't know what's going on? i'll tell you then. she saw you, james, at the hospital. with your wife you know, the one with the wedding ring what is it with you bloody men? we're not just here... anna, let me see her. i can... she's not here where is she? what's it to you? i don't know oh shit, shit. bollocks oh god. you idiot! clive, you seen helen? no. why? helen! helen! helen... helen, you've made a mistake oh, i am such an idiot. helen, look at me listen to me, please no, you listen! i never want to see you again i have been throught enough for one year i stupidly believed that here was a man who was different from 'men ' but it is clear that i made a mistake now please... do me a favour and go away! i am married, helen, but i am separated walk away if you want but take this with you the woman you saw today was the woman i married three years ago we separated six months ago and soon we'll be divorced nothing aggressive i didn't tell you before because... ...i don't know why, i... i have wanted to tell you so many times and ...and now you've found out another way i wish i had told y ou my mother is ill in hospital as you know... ...and claudia agreed to keep up the pretence that we were okay still for my mum as a favour. she's a very decent woman do you have a mum, helen? ten minutes, lydia and don't ever turn up at my kitchen window again like that it's over. you know? you said it yourself i know. sorry, i wasn't thinking i just want to show you something oh, helen... if we are not gonna be together then let's make sure it's for the right reason and right now there is no reason, none there is just confusion and it can be erased in a split second get that, would you? of course, if you don't want to keep it, darling... who is it? oh, hello again. you're right on time is this the truth, james? permission to engage the enemy, sir? thing is, i can't take the interview just now i'm discussing whether or not i'm going to keep your boyfriend's baby james... ...there's something i have to tell you i'm so sorry you had to hear it this way, helen er, i really should just phone anna and tell her i'm okay helen i love you helen, wait, please. wait! let me go! helen! helen! james... are you her husband? er... i will be. we're, we're getting married if i could have a quick word? helen has suffered major internal injuries, james helen has lost her baby, i'm afraid, gerry i'm afraid she's lost her baby you did know she was pregnant? did you know she was pregnant? she will be okay though, won't she? she is, she is going to wake up, isn't she, doctor? helen, for some reason i know you can hear me i'm glad we got things sorted out... tonight i'm glad you caught the train that day i am going to make you so happy i promise helen? helen! helen! can you hear me? can you hear me, helen? i'm sorry i'm late ah, no problem i'm pleased to say your mother's showing some signs of improvement this morning she's sitting up and she's had a full breakfast that's great helen, i swear... i'll do anything you want, helen will you? in that case, i want you to stand up... ...walk over to the door... ...open it... walk through it... ...then close it behind you ta-ta, mum call us if you have any problems at all thank you you're very fortunate, helen. you had a lucky escape say that again thank you thank you cheer up. you know what the monty python boys say "nobody expects the spanish inquisition" 